---
layout: post
title: About Me
date: 2022-01-4 13:32:20 +0300
description: Get to know about me and this page a significant amount more. # Add post description (optional)
img: prophoto.png # Add image post (optional)
fig-caption: # Add figcaption (optional)
tags: [About, Me, Page, Pinned]
---

# About me

I was born in Vietnam. In September 2017, at the age of 14, I embarked on an adventure to go to the U.S to attend high school, which turned out to be the biggest change in my life. It was during this time that I discovered and nurtured my passion. I have a strong interest in programming and design, constantly questioning the world and seeking ways to make products more intuitive and visually appealing.

Ever since the world was first hit by the wave of the Wannacry virus, a fire ignited in my mind, and I realized that cybersecurity is my field. As a result, I dedicated a significant amount of time to self-teaching programming, which paid off when I moved to the U.S. However, I often feel that my products lack a certain level of "fashion." Apple has been a major influence on my design style and self-teaching journey. My ultimate goal is to contribute my skills to the community and create "cool" products that resonate with people.

I have experience in designing shirts, logos, and creating Snapchat filters for various organizations and events. Some of my skills include programming languages such as Java, PHP, JavaScript, C#, C++, C, and Python. In terms of design and photo editing, I am proficient in Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Affinity Photo, and Affinity Designer. Additionally, I possess video editing skills using software like Vegas Pro and Final Cut Pro. Other notable abilities include working with Snapchat Lens Studio (I have 2 million views on my lenses).

# Journey

During my childhood, I excelled both academically and athletically, consistently ranking among the top three in my class while actively participating in competitive sports. I particularly thrived in soccer, where I vividly remember the exhilaration of hearing the crowd cheer my name as I skillfully dribbled past opponents and scored numerous goals. As the team captain, I led with passion and determination. In the realm of chess, I came within two wins of securing at least a bronze medal at the district level when I was just 11 years old. Additionally, I attained the prestigious title of "the best in the tennis club" at the age of 12 and had the opportunity to train alongside a national champ. I also explored various other sports, such as badminton and shuttlecock kicking, where I displayed proficiency. Being skilled in multiple areas attracted attention from friends and their families, often prompting inquiries about the secret behind my success. Consequently, I experienced a significant amount of pressure to maintain an image of a "perfect" child. I managed to secure a spot in one of Vietnam's top high schools, despite not taking the high school entrance exam seriously because I fully aware that my life was about to take a new trajectory.

I came to the U.S 

Coming to the U.S. at the age of 14 was far from easy, although I refused to acknowledge it at the time. I had to mature quickly, assuming the roles of both parent and teacher in navigating this new way of life. Loneliness and stress became familiar companions, but with time, I grew stronger. The second year proved to be an improvement, and with each passing day, I find myself becoming more settled and adapted to this lifestyle. While the path I've traversed has been anything but smooth, I wouldn't have it any other way. I stopped playing sports. Perhaps I lost interest? yes but no, during my time in the U.S the coach never put me to play even though I came to every practices and I was probably better than 90% of kids on the varsity team. As a senior, the coach attempted to relegate me to the junior varsity team, denying me a jersey. Even worse, he didn't let any international students participate in soccer matches altogether. During practice, all international students were assigned the role of "field runner" where we had to play outside of the line, and when the ball reached us, we had to kick it in the field for other kids to play. This is NOT a soccer position, this is just a fancy way of making us the ball boy without us knowing it. He was fired the year I graduated. 

I lost touch in sports.

I developed a profound passion for weightlifting and networking/cybersecurity, which led me to immerse myself in a wealth of scientific and networking literature, along with coding resources. My personality underwent a significant transformation. Previously an introvert, I gradually embraced my extroverted side, actively seeking experiences beyond the confines of books and papers. I embarked on a journey of self-discovery, delving into the realms of fashion. 

...

# About this page.
This page serves as a documentation of my experiences and a platform to potentially share helpful insights. Consider each section on this page as a chapter of my life. Initially, it primarily focused on programming, but after a three-year hiatus, it transitioned to design and network engineering while still coding. The shift encompassed moving from a gaming-oriented atmosphere to a more professional one, evolving from simply admiring products to actively creating them. Change is inevitable, and people evolve. As I approach the end of my teenage years (at the time of writing, I will turn 20 in eight months), I reflect upon having accomplished everything typical of a young teenager and more. It is now time to conclude this chapter and embark on a new one—a chapter where my career takes center stage. This does not mean that I will abandon the activities I used to enjoy; it simply means that my focus has shifted towards more significant priorities.

[My portfolio also my main website](https://null0verflow.xyz)

This page is powered by Flexible-Jekyll with modifications I enhanced to make the experience even better (this is probably the closet I got to reverse-engineering lol). 

[Check out this blog on github!](https://github.com/frychicken/blog) 


